@uppy/aws-s3-multipart: add docs for signing on the client (#133)
transloadit/uppy.io: docs/uploader/aws-s3-multipart.mdx

reduce costs or the complexity of running a server and load balancer with
[Tus](/docs/tus).

Multipart uploads start to become valuable for larger files (100&nbsp;MB+) as it
uploads a single object as a set of parts. This has certain benefits, such as
improved throughput (uploading parts in parallel) and quick recovery from
network issues (only the failed parts need to be retried). The downside is
request overhead, as it needs to do creation, signing (unless you are [signing
on the client][]), and completion requests besides the upload requests. For
example, if you are uploading files that are only a couple kilobytes with a
100ms roundtrip latency, you are spending 400ms on overhead and only a few
milliseconds on uploading.

**In short**
- If you are uploading large files (100&nbsp;MB+), we recommend
`@uppy/aws-s3-multipart`, otherwise [`@uppy/aws-s3`][].
- If you prefer to have less overhead (+20% upload speed)
  you can use temporary S3 credentials with

>   [`getTemporary`](#gettemporarysecuritycredentialsoptions).

Author: ```suggestion
  [`getTemporarySecurityCredentials `](#gettemporarysecuritycredentialsoptions).
```

});
```

> #### `getTemporarySecurityCredentials(options)`

Reviewer: perhaps an extra `:::note` that links to the example in the uppy repo?

Author: Currently there are no examples that uses that option, so I guess this should wait until there's one (which cannot happen until that option ships into a release, because we are using the CDN in our demo)

:::note

> When using [Companion][companion docs] as a backend, you can pass `true` instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're already using [Companion][companion docs] for remote files, you can pass `true.
It is not recommended to introduce Companion just for S3 signing, use your own backend instead.
```

Author: I've copied the wording from https://github.com/transloadit/uppy.io/blob/d8ac350c76175be0df47e009afdf1d82a47dc455/docs/uploader/aws-s3.mdx#L322-L323
I get what you mean, but I think the wording in your suggestion can be a bit confusing, I'd rather stick to the current wording.

Reviewer: You referenced example is about not defining this option, for which I agree. But this is passing a boolean instead of implementing a function yourself. I think it's still good to reiterate that you shouldn't introduce Companion to make it 'easier'.
